Witness His Royal Highness
you
Whoever comes first, this is really Fengming Sword
This is really the owner of the Phoenix store
Isn't that all of our family?
It's the other way around.
Come
Arrest these following criminals for me
catch
General, at your command
I have identified several nightclubs owned by Longjing
Rescue more than 100 women who have lost their footing
And found a large amount of criminal evidence
Please send it down.
I just told you.
You so-called sea market roof beams
It doesn't fit my eyes at all
Lian Southwest Governor Longyan Pool
Gotta bow down to me
But you didn't believe me when I said it.
Now.
Do you believe it?
You are the most powerful people in the sea market
in a high position
Should be more compassionate to the people
But you are arrogant and arrogant
Praise each other
I don't deserve to stand on the top of this sea market at all
Longyan ruler listens to my orders
Clear these sea tops
Building a city is like leaving the Xuan Kingdom
Never return home